I've spent the past week trying to
figure out why the stock market went up
the way it did I will bring you all of
that data here today you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
I found some interesting information and
it goes right into the depths of exactly
why the stock market went up you might
be surprised I'm going to get into it
right here I don't want to waste any
time let's dig in looking first at this
you'll see articles left right and
Center saying the stock market is edging
toward extreme of Great Depression in
Doom eras when we look at this you look
at several indicators yeah they're all
out of whack we know that is the stage
set for a yearend rally we look at the
other end of the equation yeah the Boom
is going to last forever and ever but
what's the data like why did the stock
market go up in the first place here it
is AI related stocks drove virtually all
returns of the S&P 500 this year can you
believe that a handful of stocks are
carrying this Market
that's the beginning that's one thing
well what about this seven largest
companies as a share of the S&P 500
total market cap has accelerated beyond
what we saw in the year 2000 the seven
larg compan we we never seen this before
because during that time other types of
companies were also worth stuff now
that's not the case can you believe that
oil and all these huge companies they do
not make up a large percentage people
don't even care anymore investors don't
care they are all hopping onto the same
bandwagon and you'll see it here the
contribution from the top 10 S&P 500
stocks year to date never seen like
anything like this okay the the gains
are all in those top seven top 10
sucks and we have to ask the question
who's buying Well everybody's buying but
in this case here the ctas we're looking
at basically computer algorithm GMS they
bought a record amount in a 10day period
we had never seen anything like this
before in
history that's one can you guess who
else has been buying well of course
retail they've always been buying tech
stocks nothing else but this corporate
client BuyBacks as a percentage of the
market cap is above seasonal trend for
the second time since May and this
week's inflows is the second largest in
our data history
go back and you'll see this this chart
goes back way back and you're going to
look at this since
2010 well back-to-back weeks have had
the most BuyBacks ever in history that
means companies buying their own shares
we have never seen this much happening
ever two weeks in a row two weeks in a
row so the companies are buying their
own share
as well as the computer algorithms which
basically means you know vastly like the
majority of stocks are being traded by
computer
algorithms that's who's buying that's
where the surge is coming from and it's
all in a handful of stocks now that
right here seeing companies buying back
their shares that pushes the stock price
up of course there's compensation
Associated for the CEOs and directors so
that is a good thing for them uh but at
the same time when we see a smaller and
smaller group of stocks getting all the
attention getting all the gains is
unhealthy it is unhealthy now not
necessarily necessarily saying it's
going to crash or anything what I'm just
saying is it's an unhealthy Trend we
want to see the other stocks getting
purchased up as well oh there's a lot of
breadth in the market oh that's good
that's healthy that's great investors
continue to add to Tech funds and you
could see the the insatiable appetite
for Tech is is unwavering that data
shown right here and we get that from
what's called
epfr over the years I have highlighted
that information over and over and over
again they have all the flows data flows
biggest twoe inflow to Equity Funds
since February of 22 so there's just so
much money flowing in from every single
direction from foreigners from domestic
coming in from the hedge funds coming in
everywhere everywhere all right this
just shows us the uh shorts so looking
at this you could see the data for
yourself but who which companies are
being shorted right now it should not
surprise anybody Tesla at the top of the
list okay there are others in here like
Exxon Mobile Chevron so the belief is
that oh the prices went up too far these
stocks are now overvalued but what's on
the other end of the spectrum right
you'll see that in a sec hedge fun F
crowding has risen as popular positions
have gained momentum looking at where of
course the tech stocks yet again they're
winning with hedge funds the most
popular hedge fund long positions have
outperformed the most concentrated
shorts in most sectors year today yeah
everyone's going long nobody's going
short right now nobody is shorting this
market and rarely ever do we even see
shorts It's a such a small percentage
because they know the way this Market
works it's a dick
to the easy monetary policies and
they're just begging and pleading the
Federal Reserve to reverse Trend so that
this thing can go to the Moon as if it
hasn't already hit all-time highs or
close to it in many
cases very important positions to hedge
funds where are all the Longs where are
all the purchases right here Microsoft
on the top of the
list you can see it
everybody everybody owns Microsoft St
stock and now with what's going on with
open
AI has made that even more attractive
not less attractive this is unbelievable
people are buying into the AI whether
you think it's hype or not but that's
what's getting the attention that's
where the money is going computer
algorithms are doing it hedge funds are
doing it and like one after the other
every every bit of data is showing this
it's AI it's Tech they're getting the
attention Okay look down the list
Microsoft Amazon meta alphabet Nvidia
and then we go down to Uber which is odd
because Uber's entire business model
relies on the fact that they're going to
be getting self-driving that's how they
don't make money it's all because of the
self-driving which has shown to not be
close to ready yet but anyway that's a
lot of speculation right uh and then we
have of course apple on that list too
and you go down and down down
well that tells us where investors
really believe and and they're they're
clearly suggesting that the tech stocks
NASDAQ as you see is the place to be
that growth is going to be there you
could see that it has come up
significantly from that dip that it took
when I talked to everybody I told
everybody on this channel multiple times
in the you can go back and look at the
posts or Community section of this
channel in O actually in September I was
saying hey looks like October could be
at least a near-term bottom right now
while everybody was
bearish I was like yeah you know what
looks like it could be that then like a
week or two later I kind of made a
similar post say hey this is it the
pivot pivot coming pivots coming and
pivot is like not actually cutting
interest rates but referencing
essentially the the idea that okay we're
getting to the end of this and that was
it the expectation was uh um you know
wouldn't be long before they started to
and of course stocks lead they always
lead they go in front of this and so
that's what we have seen so far stocks
have made their way to either all-time
high or near all-time highs okay so my
accuracy on that has been just because I
pay very close attention to what happens
with the central banks I've read the
history so I can be able to do that and
guess what money mirror method something
that I you know I I just the term but
looking at that and seeing
overwhelmingly how much liquidity had
been in the system from
before it shows us very very clearly uh
where we've been at and it's of course
it's been so accurate and that's how I
was able to determine that if you want
to know more about this go down in Link
in the description under the mentorship
I give everybody on my Friday session a
weekly update on the money mirror method
okay I can't do that on this channel
because uh rarely rarely I do it just it
just doesn't make sense for that and
look if you want the like the really
good information you can get that with
Seeking Alpha because they have like
when you go behind the pay wall yes
you're paying I get that but you're
you're not worried about algorithms
articles when they're written they're
always like SEO optimized and the like
the actual real data is not there you
want to be able to pay hopefully a small
fee to get the best information you
possibly can seeking Alpha discount
right now if you want it click the link
in the description right at the top over
there and get some good stuff I've had
great feedback and when you get inside
this is what it looks like this is the
trending news you can see the trending
analysis they have Quant ratings they've
got everything everything You' want
that's kind of what it looks like so you
can just pause it right there if you
want to just see that for yourself but
it's some good stuff that I'm constantly
referencing just to keep an eye on the
information I don't like cnbc's and
Bloomberg's where they're kind of just
you know
yeah they're they're they're quick and
their stuff but they're not giving
analysis and that's the difference okay
comment of the day thank you very much
no matter what happens I guarantee that
the wealthy Elites will always get their
money there's no question about it no
question because that's how they run the
system and how do they do that with a
deflation I don't know we didn't see any
deflation haven't seen it yet in this
cycle they do it with inflation that's
how they create a divide in between the
halves and the have knots they're doing
that right now and my goodness I worry
about what's coming in the near future
if you want to pay attention to all that
you want to get the latest and greatest
just hit that Thumbs Up Button because
that tells the algorithm you want to
know more about this if you leave right
now you're not going to tell the
algorithm about it so you got to hit
that it supports me at the same time and
I do appreciate that very much I want to
see you here tomorrow and I want to see
your comments because that's how you
notify me of what you want to know so
please let me know uh your suggest are
always welcome I'll see you tomorrow
take care